dist/Readme-EN.md, before:

<!-- TOC -->

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Install](#install)
  - [Install online](#install-online)
  - [Offline installation](#offline-installation)
- [How to use](#how-to-use)
- [Patreon](#patreon)

<!-- /TOC -->

[Discord](https://discord.gg/RpcG8WCBQq)

# Introduction

This is a Chrome browser extension for batch downloading files on Pixiv Fanbox.

Supports filtering file types, custom file names, and multiple languages.

Note: This program cannot directly unlock paid content on Fanbox. If you want to download paid content, you must first purchase it.

![screenshot](screenshot/ui-3.png)

# Install

It is recommended to use the **Chrome** browser latest version or the new **Edge** browser.

## Install online

You can install this extension from the Chrome Web Store. 

[Chrome Web Store page](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pixiv-fanbox-downloader/ihnfpdchjnmlehnoeffgcbakfmdjcckn)

## Offline installation

If you cannot install this extension from the Chrome Web Store, you can install it offline.

1. Download the latest version of the installation package from [Releases page](https://github.com/xuejianxianzun/PixivFanboxDownloader/releases) and unzip it to a folder.
2. Enter the extension management. Chrome clicks "More Tools"-"Extensions Management" in the menu; Edge clicks "Extensions" in the menu.
3. On the extension management page, enable "Developer Mode".
4. Click the button "Load unpacked" and select the folder where the installation package is unzipped.

Note: The offline installation method will not be automatically updated. When you want to update, you need to delete this extension first, and then install the new version.

# How to use

- After installing this extension, refresh the fanbox page, you can see a blue download button on the right side of the page, click this button to start using it.
- The downloaded file will be saved in the download directory of the browser.
- Please turn off the "Ask where to save each file before downloading" option in the browser settings to avoid pop-up windows when downloading.
- If the file name after downloading is abnormal, please disable other browser extensions with download function.

# Patreon

You can support me on patreon. Thank you!

<a href='https://www.patreon.com/xuejianxianzun'><img src='https://c5.patreon.com/external/logo/become_a_patron_button.png' alt='Become a patron' width='140px' /></a>

Commit message:

Fix Home Page Supporter Crawl Error (#81)
* Add missing next url param

* Bump version

* Bump version

* Fix type errors

* Bump version

* Fix afterFetchPostListOld

* Build dist

dist/Readme-EN.md, after:

<!-- TOC -->

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Installation](#installation)
  - [Online Installation](#online-installation)
  - [Offline Installation](#offline-installation)
  - [Using on Android](#using-on-android)
- [How to Use](#how-to-use)
- [Patreon](#patreon)

<!-- /TOC -->

[Discord](https://discord.gg/RpcG8WCBQq)

# Introduction

This is a Chrome browser extension for batch downloading files on Pixiv Fanbox.

Supports filtering file types, custom file names, and multiple languages.

**Note:** This program cannot directly unlock paid content on Fanbox. If you want to download paid content, you must first purchase it.

![screenshot](screenshot/ui-3.png)

# Installation

We recommend using Chrome or Edge browsers.

## Online Installation

You can install this extension from the Chrome Web Store:

[Pixiv Fanbox Downloader](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pixiv-fanbox-downloader/ihnfpdchjnmlehnoeffgcbakfmdjcckn)

## Offline Installation

You can refer to the offline installation tutorial for the Pixiv Downloader:
[Offline Installation](https://xuejianxianzun.github.io/PBDWiki/#/en/OfflineInstallation)

There is only one difference: the tutorial above will ask you to download the zip file for the Pixiv Downloader. Instead, download the zip file for the Fanbox Downloader. You can download pixivfanboxDownloader.zip from the [releases page](https://github.com/xuejianxianzun/PixivFanboxDownloader/releases) of this repository.

## Using on Android

You can refer to this tutorial:
[Installing on Microsoft Edge Canary Browser](https://xuejianxianzun.github.io/PBDWiki/#/en/MicrosoftEdgeCanary)

There is only one difference: the tutorial above will ask you to download the crx file for the Pixiv Downloader. Instead, download the crx file for the Fanbox Downloader. You can download Pixiv-Fanbox-Downloader.crx from the [releases page](https://github.com/xuejianxianzun/PixivFanboxDownloader/releases) of this repository.

# How to Use

- After installing this extension, refresh the fanbox page. You will see a blue download button on the right side of the page. Click this button to start using it.
- Downloaded files will be saved in the browser's download directory. If you want to save them to a different location, you need to change the browser's download directory.
- Please disable the browser setting "Ask where to save each file before downloading" to avoid the save-as dialog during downloads.
- If the filename of the downloaded file is abnormal, please disable other browser extensions with download functions.

# Patreon

You can support me on patreon. Thank you!

<a href='https://www.patreon.com/xuejianxianzun'><img src='https://c5.patreon.com/external/logo/become_a_patron_button.png' alt='Become a patron' width='140px' /></a>
